I never really thought this much about the term "interaction" prior to this reading. I always thought that different people "interact" with paintings differently. After reading this article, I realized that people react to paintings. Yes, the prefix "inter" implies two parties reacting to one another. While reading the chapter, I realized that as long as I was not scrolling, I was actually reacting to my computer, not interacting with it. I also feel that for gizmos and widgets, interaction is far more predominant than reaction. When I scroll on my computer, that is interaction. When I use a photocell to make an event occur, that is interaction, and when I twirl a fidget spinner that is interaction. In fact, there are very few actions on a computer, aside from viewing content, that lack a reaction. 

However, this definition is largely semantical. The vast majority of English speakers use the word "Interaction" as I used it prior to reading the article. If I corrected someone for saying they "interacted" with a painting, they would likely think I'm annoying. I'm far from a linguist, but I assume that with words that as as popular as this one, that are constantly used incorrectly, they take on a new meaning. Words might just be a moving target, that evolves over time. In the same way "mad" means very, or how TikTokers say “Omg, that’s so aesthetic!” (Urban Dictionary), interaction, might just also include the definition "reaction" in today's linguistic climate.

Think I'm going to make a different site, just trying to figure out where to host it.

Also, I'm like 60% sure that we aren't supposed to write a response to your notes on electricity, but I was bored so I wrote one anyway.

I found the notes on electricity to be rather enlightening. The author did a good job with clarity and the visual aids help nail down the key points. I was slightly disappointed when Jim Campbell's automation thingy ran on Flash because Flash is dead (R.I.P. Flash). It was cool that the author wrote about Ohm's Law, because I remember learning about that in High School, It really took my back. I liked the various pictures in the reading, they took up a lot of the scroll, so I did not need to read as much as I was expecting to read. My favorite images were the ones of the LED, the LEDs in parallel, and the LEDs in series. The picture of the LED was not of a multicolor LED. I knew this because it only had two wires, one short, and one long. The LEDs in parallel and the LEDs in series did a really good job showcasing how the two circuits differ. One had LEDs in the same row, and one did not. I liked the video that showed me the inside of a breadboard. The lighting and camera used in the video gave me a big-time Unabomber vibe.
